[MUSIC PLAYING]
In the last video, we saw how
to create and manage playlists.
In this video, we'll see
how to publish a playlist.
In an earlier video, we
walked through the process
of publishing a single video.
We selected a video, clicked
Publish and Embed, and then
Web Player.
The process to
publish a playlist
is pretty much the same.
However, there are
some player settings
you might want to configure when
you are publishing a playlist.
You could see in the
example on this slide
here, where we have
published a playlist.
Notice the playlist appears on
the right side of the player.
There are some player
settings that you're probably
going to want to set when you're
publishing a playlist player.
As part of the player
information properties,
select a Player
Type of Playlist.
Once you do that, as part
of the Styling properties,
we can choose a horizontal,
vertical, or hidden playlist.
The playback properties
also have some options
to randomize the play
order, play the video
when it's selected,
a continuous play
mode, and a video countdown.
Keep in mind, any time you
make changes to the player
properties, you need to publish
the changes before they will
appear in production players.
Let's go through the process
of publishing a playlist.
What we'll do is
create a new player
that we'll use for
playlists, and then we'll
publish a playlist.
I'm going to start
in the Players module
and create a new player
that I'll use when
I want to publish a playlist.
I'll call it Playlist
Player and click Save.
I'll click on the player
name to open the properties.
I'm going to set the
Player Type to Playlist,
and then click Save.
Next, I'll go to Styling.
I'm going to select a playlist
type of Vertical Playlist.
Let's go to the
Playback Properties.
Randomize Play Order will play
the videos in a random order.
Play Video When Selected will
cause the video to play when
loaded, even if the previous
video in the player was paused.
Continuous Play mode
will cause the videos
will advance automatically
and repeat indefinitely.
If Continuous Play
mode is enabled,
you will also have the option
of displaying a video countdown.
Once I've made my
selections, I'll
go ahead and
publish the changes.
Now, I'll go to
the Media module.
I'm going to select the
Birds playlist we created
in the last video,
and then click
Publish and Embed, Web Player.
I'll select the
playlist, Player.
Now, the preview
window is small,
but if I click on the URL,
I can see the playlist
and play the videos.
That's all there is to it.
In the next video, we'll look
at some additional resources
that you might
find useful as you
start working with Video Cloud.